new `revertibleRandom` function (#423)
onflow/docs: docs/cadence/language/built-in-functions.mdx

The message argument is optional.

> ## `revertibleRandom`
> 
> ```cadence
> fun revertibleRandom(): UInt64
> ```
> 
> <Callout type="info">
> `unsafeRandom()` function currently behaves the same way as `revertibleRandom()`.
> `unsafeRandom` will be deprecated in the next release of Cadence. 
> </Callout>
> 

Reviewer: Looking at the existing docs (e.g. https://developers.flow.com/tools/clients/fcl-js/api#verifyusersignatures-deprecated), I think the convention is that all functions have their onw entry, even if they are deprecated. Why are we not deprecating the function right away? 

```suggestion
## `unsafeRandom` 

This function is superseded by `revertibleRandom()`. For downwards compatibility, `unsafeRandom` still exists but it now backed by the same implementation as `revertibleRandom()`, which has the same API but is significantly more secure. 

<Callout type="info">
`unsafeRandom` will be deprecated in the next release of Cadence
</Callout>
```

Author: > Why are we not deprecating the function right away?

It will be deprecated in stable Cadence to avoid the immediate breaking change.

Reviewer: After reading [Bastian's comment below](https://github.com/onflow/docs/pull/423#pullrequestreview-1716179181) I think we might need two versions of the document (?):
1. a version for the current cadence, including the `unsafeRandom` function with deprecation notice
2. a version for stable cadence without `unsafeRandom`

Returns a pseudo-random number.

The random number returned is safe as it is backed by a distributed source of randomness,
that is unbiased, unpredictable and verifiable.

The random number cannot be biased or predicted by miners or by other transactions or code
running before a call to `revertibleRandom`.

Moreover, the sequence of returned random numbers is different per block, and per transaction

> within the same block.

Author: I added your suggestion with what I think is minor rewording. 

I see the advantage of linking the forum post for details, but I would have preferred if official docs could link to a more official post in the site rather than a forum message. My preference is not to add the link but it's not a strong preference.

> within the same block.

Reviewer: We can always update the link to the proper blog post once it is out. So far, I think it is better to have some reference than none.

> within the same block.

Author: Added the link as per our offline discussion

<Callout type="warning">
There is an additional safety-relevant aspect that developers need to be mindful about.

The function is not immune to post-selection manipulation by a non-trusted party where
a random number is sampled and then rejected.

A transaction can atomically revert all its actions.
Therefore, it is possible for a transaction calling into a smart contract
to post-select favorable results and revert the transaction for unfavorable results.

The function remains totally safe when called by a trusted party.

This limitation is inherent to any smart contract platform that allows transactions to roll back atomically
and cannot be solved through safe randomness alone. Flow protocol has suggested a [solution to implement safe
commit-reveal schemes](https://github.com/onflow/flips/pull/123) and address this limitation.

> </Callout>

Author: I like the suggestion to restrict the callout text. I updated it and used the suggested wording. 

However, while the section `Guidelines for safe usage` is very informative, it seems too detailed and  long for a language function doc IMO. What is presented in the guidelines is what triggered the FLIP120/FLIP123 writing, and most of the content is explained and discussed in the FLIPs.

I remember that your [initial PR](https://github.com/onflow/docs/pull/156) was written early on when we had no plans to write the FLIPs and we were simply going to rename `unsafeRandom` to `random` or `safeRandom`, so it made sense in that context. Now that the FLIPs detailed the concern, solution and guidelines, I suggest to keep Cadence docs minimal and point to the FLIPs instead.

> </Callout>

Reviewer: I think it is empirically well-proven that most people don't go and look through linked content when reading documentation. Nevertheless, I think you are probably right that we should be keeping this document concise. 

My current mindset
* Most of the text I suggest to add is probably best for accompanying the usage example. 
* I don't think the usage example as it is presented in the flip is sufficient for the average developer. I think we need something more like a small tutorial. 
  * Would suggest to use my text and the (potentially updated) usage example from the Flip and put that somewhere
* we need to set a very prominent link to the usage example here.

```cadence
fun revertibleRandom(): UInt64
```

<Callout type="info">
`unsafeRandom()` function currently behaves the same way as `revertibleRandom()`,
and will be deprecated in the next Cadence release. 
</Callout>

Returns a pseudo-random number.

The sequence of returned random numbers is independent for
every transaction in each block.

Under the hood, Cadence instantiates a cryptographically-secure pseudo-random number
generator (CSPRG) for each transaction independently, where the seeds of any two transactions
are different with near certainty.

The random numbers returned are unpredictable
(unpredictable for miners at block construction time, 
and unpredictable for cadence logic at time of call),
verifiable, as well as unbiasable by miners and previously-running Cadence code.
See [FLIP120](https://github.com/onflow/flips/pull/120) for more details.

Nevertheless, developers need to be mindful to use `revertibleRandom()` correctly.

<Callout type="warning">

A transaction can atomically revert all its action.
It is possible for a transaction submitted by an untrusted party
to post-select favorable results and revert the transaction for unfavorable results.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In cases where a non-trusted party can interact with smart contracts generating random numbers though their own transactions, please **use a commit-reveal scheme** as described in this tutorial (under construction).
```

Author: There is a big chance the tutorial will be ready before the MN spork. I would wait 2 more days before merging and see if I can add the correct tutorial link.

Author: Update: I'm going to merge in the current form as per @gregsantos's preference (tutorial will point to the Cadence doc). We can update the link on this page later (though there will be a "circular reference").
